在本次实验中，您将评估下列单词的可想象性，即单词引发意象（包括图像、声音、气味及其他感官感受）的难易程度。举个例子，名词“苹果”很容易令人想象出苹果具体的画面及味道，但“事实”却非如此。动词中也有类似的情况，例如“跑”和“思考”。实验中，汉语单词被转录为拼音，而有时一个拼音对应多个单词，如“xing1xing”可以对应“星星”或“猩猩”。在这种情况下，您可以根据这些单词为目标拼音给出平均后的打分。
请您以七分制进行评分，其中，1对应极低的可想象性，7对应极高的可想象性。注意：您不必在意每个分数已出现的次数。快快评分，不要粗心:)

The purpose of this experiment is to rate a list of words as to the ease or difficulty with which they arouse mental images. Any word which, in your estimation, arouses a mental image (i.e., a mental picture, or sound, or other sensory experience) very quickly and easily should be given a high imagery rating; any word that arouses a mental image with difficulty or not at all should be given a low imagery rating. Think of the noun words "apple" and "fact". Apple would probably arouse an image relatively easily and would be rated as high imagery, whereas fact would probably do so with difficulty and would be rated as low imagery. This is the same for verbs such as "run" and "think". Since words tend to make you think of other words as associates, e.g., knife-fork, it is important that you note only the ease of getting a mental image of an object or an event to the word. In this experiment, Mandarin words are transcribed into pinyin, and one pinyin may be mapped to multiple words. For example, "xing1xing" could either refer to "星星"(star) or "猩猩"(gorilla). In such cases, you may give an averaged rating of the conflicting words for the target pinyin.
Your ratings will be made on a seven-point scale, where one is the low imagery end of the scale and seven is the high imagery end of the scale. Make your rating by typing a number from 1 to 7 that best indicates your judgment of the ease or difficulty with which the word arouses imagery. The words that arouse mental images most readily for you should be given a rating of 7; words that arouse images with the greatest difficulty or not at all should be rated 1. Feel free to use the entire range of numbers, from 1 to 7; at the same time, don't be concerned about how often you use a particular number as long as it is your true judgment. Work fairly quickly but do not be careless in your ratings.
[Adapted from Paivio, Yuille, & Madigan (1968)]